增加weak_ptr lock方法的介绍 (#216)
changkun/modern-cpp-tutorial: book/en-us/05-pointers.md

In the above figure, only B is left in the last step, and B does not have any smart pointers to reference it, so this memory resource will also be released.

> `std::weak_ptr` has no `*` operator and `->` operator, so it can't operate on resources. It can check if `std::shared_ptr` exists, its `expired()` method can return `false` when the resource is not released, otherwise, it returns `true`. It can also get a `std::shared_ptr` to the original object,its `lock()` method 
> can return a `std::shared_ptr` to the original object when the resource is not released, otherwise, it returns `nullptr`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`std::weak_ptr` has no implemented `*` and `->` operators, therefore it cannot operate on resources. `std::weak_ptr` allows us to check if a `std::shared_ptr` exists or not. The `expired()` method of a `std::weak_ptr` returns `false` when the resource is not released; Otherwise, it returns `true`.
Furthermore, it can also be used for the purpose of obtaining `std::shared_ptr`, which points to the original object. The `lock()` method returns a `std::shared_ptr` to the original object when the resource is not released, or `nullptr` otherwise.
```
